Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? “People should be fined when they do not wear masks during a pandemic.” Be sure to use details during your response.
“Only digital textbooks should be available for university students.” Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Make sure that you give specific reasons + supporting details in your argument.
Explain whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: “Every country should be required to reduce its carbon emissions by at least 25%.” Then give specific details in your argument….
Explain whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: “Robots will replace a majority of the jobs in the next decade.” Then give specific details in your argument….
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? “Students should never ask someone else to help them grammatically correct their research papers.” Be sure to use details during your response.
“Students should have tuition increases in order to maintain the library research facilities.” Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Make sure that you give specific reasons + supporting details in your argument.
Explain whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: “People who sell illegal drugs should not be sentenced to prison.” Then give specific details in your arg
ument.
Explain whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: “Children should not be allowed to play video games.” Then give specific details in your argument.
“Gasoline-powered cars should be replaced with electric-powered cars.” Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Make sure that you give specific reasons + supporting details in your argument.
Explain whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: “Countries should no longer be allowed to sell sugary drinks such as Coca-Cola and Pepsi.” Then give specific details in your argument.
Explain whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: “There is such a thing as love at first sight.”, which means that you can tell in the first 30 seconds of meeting a person whether or not you will be able to fall in love. Then give specific details in your argument.
Do you agree or disagree with the statement? “College students should not be required to take general education courses.” Make sure that you give specific reasons + supporting details in your argument.
Explain whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: “Politicians should only be allowed to serve one term of 2-4 years.” Then give specific details in your argument….
Explain whether you agree or disagree with the statement. Then give specific details in your argument. “Honesty is the most important trait in a friend.”
“Children should not be allowed to use virtual reality headsets.” Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Make sure that you give specific reasons + supporting details in your argument.
Explain whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: “All workers should have a guaranteed living wage regardless of what skills they possess.” Then give specific details in your argument….
“Writing essays is an effective wage to gauge students’ knowledge.” Explain whether you agree or disagree with the following statement. Then give specific details in your argument.
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? “Online learning is more effective than traditional classroom learning.” Be sure to use details during your response.
“Teenagers should not be allowed to watch movies with violence and sex.” Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Make sure that you give specific reasons + supporting details in your argument.
Explain whether you agree or disagree with the following statement: “All countries, including the US, Russia, and China, should not be allowed to possess nuclear weapons.” Then give specific details in your argument.
“Teachers’ pay should be based on how much their students are learning.” Explain whether you agree or disagree with the mentioned statement. Then give specific details in your argument.
“People older than 65 years of age should not be allowed to drive.” Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Make sure that you give specific reasons + supporting details in your argument.
“Libraries should be replaced by digital texts.” Explain whether you agree or disagree with the mentioned statement. Then give specific details in your argument.
“More money should be allocated to libraries than to university sports programs.” Explain whether you agree or disagree with the mentioned statement. Then give specific details in your argument.
“Even illegal drugs like cocaine and heroin should be legalized.”  Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Make sure that you give specific reasons + supporting details in your argument.
Explain whether you agree or disagree with the following statement. Then give specific details in your argument. “Solar power is a useful form of energy than wind power.” 
Explain whether you agree or disagree with the following statement. Then give specific details in your argument. “It is always better to have arranged marriages; that is, the parents determine who their sons and daughters marry.”
“No matter the circumstance, you should never tell a lie.” Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Make sure that you give specific reasons + supporting details in your argument.
Explain whether you agree or disagree with the following statement. Then give specific details in your argument. “Countries should spend more money on helping the poor than on exploring outer space.”
Explain whether you agree or disagree with the following statement. Then give specific details in your argument. “The age for driver’s should be changed to 21 years of age.”
Do you prefer to study at home or in a library? Provide specific details to support your explanation.
Do you prefer to run or to walk when you exercise? Illustrate your argument with reasons with supporting details.
Some prefer to take airplanes when going on 500-1,000 kilometer trips. On the other hand, others prefer to travel by train during those distances. Which do you prefer? Include some examples and details to support your answer.
“Some people like outdoor jobs such as park rangers, construction workers, or sports coaches.  However, others prefer to work indoors like accountants, lawyers, and doctors. Which type of job do you like?  Give some specific details to support your response.
Some students prepare for their tests more effectively in their dorms or off-campus apartments, whereas others like to go to libraries. Which do you prefer? Include some examples and details to support your answer.
Do you prefer to work from home using a computer or to go to your job location? Provide specific details to support your explanation.
Do you prefer to use battery-powered automobiles? Or, do you believe that gasoline-powered cars are still a good option? Illustrate your argument with reasons and supporting details.
Some students choose to attend a university close to their homes so that they can still live with their parents, while other students attend a university far from where they live. Which do you prefer? Include some examples and details to support your answer.
Some people like to watch action movies with violence and drama. However, others prefer to watch comedies? Which type of movie do you find more entertaining? Give some specific details to support your response.
Some people like to vacation at the beach, whereas others prefer to go to the mountains when they are on holiday. Which do you prefer? Include some examples and details to support your answer.
Do you prefer to go to bed earlier at night around 9:00 PM or to do you like to stay up until 12:00 AM? Provide specific details to support your explanation.
Do you prefer to buy used cars? Or, do you believe that you should always buy a new car? Illustrate your argument with reasons with supporting details.
Some people like to buy new electronic gadgets like smartphones right when they are released from their manufacturers, while other consumers will wait a few months before making a purchase. Which do you prefer? Include some examples and details to support your answer.
Some students are eager to talk to their professors during office hours when they have questions about course materials. However, others prefer to talk to other students during class when they have questions? Which view do you support?  Give some specific details to support your response.
For many, summer is the most favorite season of the year, whereas others like the winter time of the year. Which do you prefer? Include some examples and details to support your answer.
Do you prefer to live in a climate that has four seasons (i.e., fall, winter, spring, summer) or one that only has one season in which it is warm all of the time? Provide specific details to support your explanation.
Do you prefer to live in a desert climate with little rain? Or, do you believe that living in a more humid climate with abundant rain is more preferable? Illustrate your argument with reasons and supporting details.
Some consumers prefer to buy trucks, while others prefer four door sedans. Which do you prefer? Include some examples and details to support your answer.
Some people believe that it is necessary to have a pool when purchasing a house.  However, others prefer not to buy homes with pools. Which view do you support?  Give some specific details to support your response.
Some believe that people who sell illegal drugs should be jailed, whereas others think that these drug dealers should not be imprisoned. What do you think? Include some examples and details to support your answer.
Do you prefer to have an early dinner around 4:00 or 5:00 PM or to have a late dinner around 8:00 or 9:00 PM? Provide specific details to support your explanation.
Do you prefer to read printed books? Or, do you believe that audio books are a better choice? Illustrate your argument with reasons and supporting details.
“Some like individual sports such as track and field and cross-country, while others like team sports like basketball and soccer. Which do you prefer? Include some examples and details to support your answer.
“Some prefer a diet with meat products as a main source of protein. However, others prefer to eat vegetarian foods without any meat? Which type of diet do you prefer?  Give some specific details to support your response.
“Some people choose to exercise right after they wake up before going to work, whereas others exercise after work in the evening. Which do you prefer? Include some examples and details to support your answer.
Do you prefer to attend university classes in the morning, afternoon, or evening? Provide specific details to support your explanation.
Do you prefer to study alone when you are preparing for a big examination? Or, do you believe that studying in a group is a better way to prepare? Illustrate your argument with reasons with supporting details.
Some say children between eight and eleven years of age should be given smartphones, while others believe children at these ages should not be allowed to have smartphones. Which do you prefer? Include some examples and details to support your answer.
Some say it is better to remain loyal to one company all their lives. However, others prefer to  change jobs a lot during their lifetimes. Which view do you support?  Give some specific details to support your response.
Some believe that taking a road trip for 1,000-3,000 kilometers is a great way to tour a new country, whereas others think it is better to have a vacation destination in mind before traveling to a new country. Which do you prefer? Include some examples and details to support your answer.
Instead of phoning friends and family, many prefer to communicate by sending text messages. Do you think that it is a good idea to use texting as a primary means of communication?  Support your points with specific examples and details.
Many protesters in the United States want to decrease funding for police departments. In your opinion, is this a good idea? Why or why not? Provide supporting details in your response.
Some health experts suggest that all liquids should be eliminated from one’s diet except water. Do you think that it is a good idea to only drink water? Give reasons and details to support your argument.
Because of alarming increases of carbon emissions, some believe that consumers should be forced to buy electric cars if they do not want to use public transportation. Do you think that it is a good idea to force consumers to buy electric cars?  Support your points with specific examples and details.
According to many health experts, people should be rigorously exercising 45 minutes a day 4-6 days a week. In your opinion, is this a good idea? Why or why not? Provide supporting details in your response.
People who throw trash from their cars onto the freeways should be fined at least $1000 US. Do you think that this is a good idea? Give reasons and details to support your argument.
Children who misbehave in elementary schools should be paddled. Do you think that it is a good idea to paddle rowdy children?  Support your points with specific examples and details.
Teenagers should not be allowed to browse the Internet without adult supervision. In your opinion, is this a good idea? Why or why not? Provide supporting details in your response.
Professors should make attendance at their classes mandatory. Do you think that this is a good idea? Give reasons and details to support your argument.
Students should never be allowed to submit assignments after their due dates. Do you think that it is a good idea for professors not to allow late assignments?  Support your points with specific examples and details.
All children aged 3-8 years should be taught swimming lessons. In your opinion, is this a good idea? Why or why not? Provide supporting details in your response.
Children should be vaccinated to prevent disease. Do you think that this is a good idea? Give reasons and details to support your argument.
Do you think that it is a good idea to live with your boyfriend/girlfriend before marriage?  Support your points with specific examples and details.
It is much better to purchase a new car instead of a used one. In your opinion, is this a good idea? Why or why not? Provide supporting details in your response.
Do you think that this is a good idea? Give reasons and details to support your argument.
People who have terminal, painful diseases should be allowed to ask doctors to end their lives. Do you think that it is a good idea to allow people to do this?  Support your points with specific examples and details.
All young men and young women should be required to complete two years of military service for their countries. In your opinion, is this a good idea? Why or why not? Provide supporting details in your response.
Children and teenagers should be limited to only two hours of screen time daily from devices such as smartphones, IPads, and gaming systems like X-Box. Do you think that this is a good idea? Give reasons and details to support your argument.
All families should only be allowed to have one automobile. Do you think that it is a good idea for a family to have only one car?  Support your points with specific examples and details.
Building contractors should be required to install clean energy producing solar panels on all new homes. In your opinion, is this a good idea? Why or why not? Provide supporting details in your response.
Smoke stacks on all large companies should be modified so that no harmful pollutants are emitted into the atmosphere. Do you think that this is a good idea? Give reasons and details to support your argument.
Do you think that it is a good idea to skip breakfast?  Support your points with specific examples and details.
Everyone should be required to learn a second language. In your opinion, is this a good idea? Why or why not? Provide supporting details in your response.
Before getting married, some couples prefer to have a long engagement which is at least two years. Do you think that this is a good idea? Give reasons and details to support your argument.
Do you think that it is a good idea to date someone who speaks a different language that you do?  Support your points with specific examples and details.
Investing in a house is much better than investing in the stock market. In your opinion, is this a good idea? Why or why not? Provide supporting details in your response.
Do you think that this is a good idea to save about 5% of your salary each month? Give reasons and details to support your argument.
Do you think that it is a good idea to talk to an academic advisor before choosing your major?  Support your points with specific examples and details.
Minors who are under the age of 18 who steal should not be put in jail. In your opinion, is this a good idea? Why or why not? Provide supporting details in your response.
People should no longer be allowed to own pets likes dogs and cars. Do you think that this is a good idea? Give reasons and details to support your argument.
